[Doc] Add LP Command in the Quick Start (#620)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/tutorials/quick-start.rst

The ``ogbn-arxiv.json`` file contains meta data about the built distributed DGL graph. Because the command specifies to create one partition with the argument ``--num-parts 1``, there is one sub-folder, named ``part0``.  Files in the sub-folder includes three types of data, i.e., the graph structure (``graph.dgl``), the node features (``node_feat.dgl``), and edge features (``edge_feat.dgl``). The ``node_mapping.pt`` and ``edge_mapping.pt`` contain the ID mapping between the raw node and edge IDs with the built graph's node and edge IDs.

> Running the following command can download the ogbn-arxiv graph data and prepare the graph for a link prediction task. And the output of command is same as the above folder structure, except that the graph is split on edges. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the following command can download the ogbn-arxiv graph data and spilt the graph into one partition for a link prediction task. And the output of command is same as the above folder structure, except that the graph is split on edges. 
```

Author: Thanks. Changed.
